Reflections from 04-04-2026 to 11-04-2026

04-04-2026
Worked on creating a badge in the sidebar and getting it to count and update automatically
upon completion of a service.
Ran into a few bugs which caused all my vehicles to disappear, most of my bugs has been due to small 
spelling mistakes, which makes it super annoying to try find.
Added notification filters (all, overdue, due soon)
Had to correct the logic for my notification filters as it wasnt shwoing the due soon services when in
the tab for it, as well as updating its state so it would update and re render automatically instead of on refresh
which is the way it was rendering on the page. I realised that i was calling the wrong thing and had to go back and change
lil typos  ("due-soon" supposed to be "soon")
Added a cute lil icon for it as well. 
Once the filters were working properly i was working on making the alerts clickable and go directly to the service thats either od or due soon.

07-04-2026
Realised after testing that my logic was flawed and had to use w3 and mdn and Ai to try help me sort
out why my badge wasnt counting and reloading instantly, instead of on refresh.
Things started to get really busy around the home and i added the wrong line of code to the wrong file and ended up breaking
my code lolol. But then i figured I want to add a scrool and glow to a specific service from notifications, instead of just making it clickable.
Also was looking on MDN on how to make the badge pop so i tried to code that into my project, and i did make it successfully,
but it was a bump, so it was very subtle to the point you couldnt tell the animation was happening. But i was proud of myself for
figuring how to animate my badges.

09-04-2026 - 10-04-2026
Shwoing my project to my parents, i had found a typo in my service interval for the differential service, like omg something so small,
Found another typo which was making the project break, URl instead of URL. like broooo come on.
Because the animation on the badge was very subtle, changed it to a pop, aaaaand broke my code, 
so i had to go back to MDN adn figure out what i did wrong, tried to fix it and that still wasnt working, so I asked AI to help me figure it out,
which helped me figure out that my conditions were wrong becasue even if i marked a service as completed if it was over due or due soon,
it wasnt updating the number automatically only on refresh so i made it check its count againt the history and update accordingly, which made 
me so happy when i figured it out and everything worked with the aninmation.
Made a big bit of progress and updated the dashboard fleet alerts to be based off the notification system which really opened up 
the deep linking in my project, from services either in notifications or dashboard, to the vehicle card, to opening the vehicle details adn smoothly scrolling to the selected service,
and allowing for a shared alert system so everything is basically talking to each other to keep it all updated, which is such a cool thing to think about the processes behind everything.
Then I added the last mechanic and cost into the notifications so youcan see at a glance who and how much, threw a bug and worked it out in the console, i had dupplicating names in the code
which was cancelling each other out, when i was trying to get it to only show the most recent 3 alerts.
Then i was learnig about highlights around the borders so i tried to work that into my project, and made it so everything links back to the vehicle-details page and smoothly scrolls,
but the highlighting the specific service wasnt working because i was calling it incorrectly.
Also change the glow to a glowing pulse instead.
Worked on making the history collapsable from the vehicle details page, taking the most recent service and displaying that.
I was throwing alot of errors and i realised that nothing had any history, and evertything ive doen has worked off test data i loaded into the app from the console, so had to add temp test data history
so i could make sure that the feature was working properly, which i realise now im going to have to change,
otherwise it will always render test data, even if i updated a service. Another big error i was having was placing the things in the wrong loop, or just outside the loop, im callingit and javascript is
going like um where is the info bro.... you cant do me like that. And then the last error i had was format and not having closing braces where they needed to be.

