coming into course, i feel apprehensive but also ready for this run on lunchtime.

learning about arrays in class and its very straightforward, which is weird coz somethings are easy somethings take time to sink in. 
Ehab isnt really keeping up which makes me think about how i can be more helpful to him.
It is really hard because it seems likes nit actually keeping up.

harrison needs to be doing this along side because i really feel hes just watching a tv atm.

Went for the run and i was really apprehensive, because i overheard, Rob talking with Ehab about keeping me in the first group of runners.
Because i have been a runner before, Rob knows that I have experience running long distances and that i can open up, near the end if i wanted to.
But i also was already sporting a rolled ankle, and being on shark week made it more unbearable. i can feel myself dropping, and then i could feel
the cramps coming through, and then i was developing a stitch. I ran through all of it, despite the immense pain I was in. doing my last lap, seeing Ehab running up to me
made me kick in to my fianl reserve gear as i could tell the group was waiting for me, Victors shirt was a good motivator for me on my third lap
around the field as, it made me push through my cramps and pass him before starting my final lap. I tried to keep up with Cam and Ehab, but my cramps kept going hard and it
made me stop a few times, as well as my legs feeling like absolute kauri stumps and being harder and harder to move them.
In my final job back to cpurse, i became alot more vocal about my running anf my breathing. yelling to myself YOU CAN DO THIS AAAGGGGGGGHHHHHH

Being back at course now and feeling my body cool down, I have put myself in unbearable pain. Almost regretting my running and doing the fourth lap. when my bofy and mind 
was telling me to stop. I kept pushing through, I am absolutely going to regret this later. Defo going to be having a bath tonight. 

Doing my check in has made me feel so may different feeling of anger and resentment about not having to do a grand project or habing to 
come up with an idea, as it was a prerequiste when writing the admissions essay.



